celsium six special stages of really
toss it day one I've done by you how was
your day the start of the day on the
gravel sections it was very good
we had won some time over the other
competitors but here in city stage I
don't know what happened
the tires fail or something but we
didn't find any speed and right now the
second loop wasn't any better and we
lost lost a lot of time which we very
harder to leave on the gravel stages so
and right now I'm a little bit angry and
disappointed but we have to start again
tomorrow and fight back the toyosu no
it's not not so much actually it's more
more or less like 5 6 7 seconds I guess
which we lost but the difference between
you on Cosmo yeah definitely so we are
either he's in front of us after this
stage or it will be like on the same
same time but so that's why I'm a little
bit disappointed previous guy said that
overall first today but it's not
official yet but I think really good we
had everything working and we just to
clean runs in city stages no mistakes
and
supposedly you could be unofficially by
now the leader of day one maybe we'll
see when the official results will be
sure one could know is my cousin Pippa
Shrek me but mr. Bobby get more dope no
growth of Raleigh
didn't see perseverance achma what we
have parts 203 Shia know some novices do
they interpret it is this available fees
trolleys cada Vida Moustakas I could not
even in person but if gravity must do it
again of its own on read you what you
got a deal very good very good
like I told previously the stages were
fun and the city states also also very
nice building parody Emperor over MC
neatest show machine don't screw top
results presence is needed well we got a
deal Priya crocodile sir my inators WM
proud Osiris burka extra dozen second
suit a cat whose target vessel askers
Tecna grabbing exit the garage squad
Rugrats kicks pieces just pure velocity
operator with the mini-sub rosen obese
casualty who choose new chief aerosol
terrorists and the gravy next is just
request a little eco a trial photo is
this machine no tsunami should keep
Akriti ministers machine the two
syllables around you it is just news I
presume elastic past available this
parcel to train up a creature which
teleported Savannah
partition imposes certain is a shot
enforcement biermaier good wunderbar
efficiency that is mask will discuss
open never thought oh my god violet us
that resin oh yes will also reach to the
audience back